[1] **Knowledge-based trajectory completion from sparse GPS samples**<br>
Li, Yang and Li, Yangyan and Gunopulos, Dimitrios and Guibas, Leonidas. In *Proceedings of the 24th ACM SIGSPATIAL International Conference on Advances in Geographic Information Systems*. 2016.  <br> [2] **Hap: Fine-grained dynamic air pollution map reconstruction by hybrid adaptive particle filter**<br>
Chen, Xinlei and Xu, Xiangxiang and Liu, Xinyu and Noh, Hae Young and Zhang, Lin and Zhang, Pei. In *Proceedings of the 14th ACM Conference on Embedded Network Sensor Systems CD-ROM*. 2016.  <br> [3] **Urban travel time prediction using a small number of gps floating cars**<br>
Li, Yang and Gunopulos, Dimitrios and Lu, Cewu and Guibas, Leonidas. In *Proceedings of the 25th ACM SIGSPATIAL International Conference on Advances in Geographic Information Systems*. 2017.  <br> [4] **EV charging behaviour analysis and modelling based on mobile crowdsensing data**<br>
Yang, Tianyu and Xu, Xiangxiang and Guo, Qinglai and Zhang, Lin and Sun, Hongbin. In *IET Generation, Transmission & Distribution*. 2017.  <br> [5] **Speech Emotion Recognition via Attention-based DNN from Multi-Task Learning**<br>
Ma, Fei and Gu, Weixi and Zhang, Wei and Ni, Shiguang and Huang, Shao-Lun and Zhang, Lin. In *Proceedings of the 16th ACM Conference on Embedded Networked Sensor Systems*. 2018. [Link](https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=3275184)  <br> [6] **Generative model based fine-grained air pollution inference for mobile sensing systems**<br>
Ma, Rui and Xu, Xiangxiang and Noh, Hae Young and Zhang, Pei and Zhang, Lin. In *Proceedings of the 16th ACM Conference on Embedded Networked Sensor Systems*. 2018.  <br> [7] **Guiding the Data Learning Process with Physical Model in Air Pollution Inference**<br>
Ma, Rui and Xu, Xiangxiang and Wang, Yue and Noh, Hae Young and Zhang, Pei and Zhang, Lin. In *2018 IEEE International Conference on Big Data (Big Data)*. 2018.  <br> [8] **PiMi: two-month indoor/outdoor PM 2.5 concentrations along with behavior labels through large-scale participatory sensing**<br>
Ma, Rui and Zhang, Lin. In *Proceedings of the First Workshop on Data Acquisition To Analysis*. 2018.  <br> [9] **Pga: Physics guided and adaptive approach for mobile fine-grained air pollution estimation**<br>
Chen, Xinlei and Xu, Xiangxiang and Liu, Xinyu and Pan, Shijia and He, Jiayou and Noh, Hae Young and Zhang, Lin and Zhang, Pei. In *Proceedings of the 2018 ACM International Joint Conference and 2018 International Symposium on Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing and Wearable Computers*. 2018.  <br> [10] **Personalized Travel Time Prediction Using a Small Number of Probe Vehicles**<br>
Li, Yang and Gunopulos, Dimitrios and Lu, Cewu and Guibas, Leonidas J. In *ACM Transactions on Spatial Algorithms and Systems (TSAS)*. 2019.  <br> [11] **An Information-Theoretic Metric for Transferability in Task Transfer Learning**<br>
Bao, Yajie  and Li, Yang and Huang, Shao-Lun and Zhang, Lin and Zamir, Amir and Guibas, Leonidas. In *Proceedings of the The 26th IEEE International Conference on Image Processing (ICIP)*. 2019.  <br> [12] **A Hybrid Technique for Travel Time Estimation In Sparse Data Environments**<br>
Zygouras, Nikolaos and Panagiotou, Nikolaos and Gunopulos, Dimitrios and Li, Yang and Guibas, Leonidas. In *Proceedings of the 27th ACM SIGSPATIAL International Conference on Advances in Geographic Information Systems*. 2019.  <br> [13] **An End-to-End Learning Approach for Multimodal Emotion Recognition: Extracting Common and Private Information**<br>
Ma, Fei and Zhang, Wei and Li, Yang and Huang, Shao-Lun and Zhang, Lin. In *2019 IEEE International Conference on Multimedia and Expo (ICME)*. 2019. [Link](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8784815)  <br> [14] **Info-Detection: An Information-Theoretic Approach to Detect Outlier**<br>
Feng Zhao and Fei Ma and Yang Li and Shaolun Huang and Lin Zhang. In *International Conference on Neural Information Processing*. 2019.  <br> [15] **MSSTN: Multi-Scale Spatial Temporal Network for Air Pollution Prediction**<br>
Wu, Zhiyuan and Wang, Yue and Zhang, Lin. In *Proceedings of IEEE International Conference on Big Data 2019*. 2019.  <br> 