[1] **E-loc: indoor localization through building electric wiring**<br>
Zhou, Tian and Zhang, Yue and Chen, Xinlei and Zhang, Pei and Zhang, Lin. In *Proceedings of the 16th ACM/IEEE International Conference on Information Processing in Sensor Networks*. 2017.  <br> [2] **Occupant Activity Level Estimation Using Floor Vibration**<br>
Zhang, Yue and Pan, Shijia and Fagert, Jonathon and Mirshekari, Mostafa and Noh, Hae Young and Zhang, Pei and Zhang, Lin. In *Proceedings of the 2018 ACM International Joint Conference and 2018 International Symposium on Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing and Wearable Computers*. 2018.  <br> [3] **Vibration-Based Occupant Activity Level Monitoring System**<br>
Zhang, Yue and Pan, Shijia and Fagert, Jonathon and Mirshekari, Mostafa and Noh, Hae Young and Zhang, Pei and Zhang, Lin. In *Proceedings of the 16th ACM Conference on Embedded Networked Sensor Systems*. 2018.  <br> [4] **Real-Time Emotion Detection via E-See**<br>
Gu, Weixi and Zhang, Yue and Ma, Fei and Mosalam, Khalid and Zhang, Lin and Ni, Shiguang. In *Proceedings of the 16th ACM Conference on Embedded Networked Sensor Systems*. 2018.  <br> [5] **P-Loc: a device-free indoor localization system utilizing building power-line network**<br>
Zhou, Tian and Zhang, Yue and Chen, Xinlei and Mosalam, Khaild M and Noh, Hae Young and Zhang, Pei and Zhang, Lin. In *Proceedings of the 2019 ACM International Joint Conference on Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing and Proceedings of the 2019 ACM International Symposium on Wearable Computers*. 2019.  <br> 