[1] **Delay Effect in Mobile Sensing System for Urban Air Pollution Monitoring**<br>
Liu, Xinyu and Chen, Xinlei and Xu, Xiangxiang and Mai, Enhan and Noh, Hae Young and Zhang, Pei and Zhang, Lin. In *Proceedings of the 15th ACM Conference on Embedded Network Sensor Systems*. 2017.  <br> [2] **Individualized Calibration of Industrial-Grade Gas Sensors in Air Quality Sensing System**<br>
Liu, Xinyu and Xu, Xiangxiang and Chen, Xinlei and Mai, Enhan and Noh, Hae Young and Zhang, Pei and Zhang, Lin. In *Proceedings of the 15th ACM Conference on Embedded Network Sensor Systems*. 2017.  <br> [3] **One-month beijing taxi GPS trajectory dataset with taxi IDs and vehicle status**<br>
Lian, Jing and Zhang, Lin. In *Proceedings of the First Workshop on Data Acquisition To Analysis*. 2018.  <br> [4] **SRC: extracting commute patterns for customized bus service area design**<br>
Lian, Jing. In *SIGSPATIAL Special*. 2018.  <br> [5] **Joint Mobility Pattern Mining with Urban Region Partitions**<br>
Lian, Jing and Li, Yang and Gu, Weixi and Huang, Shao-Lun and Zhang, Lin. In *Proceedings of the 15th EAI International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Systems: Computing, Networking and Services*. 2018.  <br> [6] **Mining Regional Mobility Patterns for Urban Dynamic Analytics**<br>
Lian, Jing and Li, Yang and Gu, Weixi and Huang, Shao-Lun and Zhang, Lin. In *Mobile Networks and Applications*. 2019.  <br> [7] **Mining Mobility Patterns with Trip-Based Traffic Analysis Zones: A Deep Feature Embedding Approach**<br>
Lian, Jing and Li, Yang and Huang, Shao-Lun and Zhang, Lin. In *2019 22nd International Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITSC)*. 2019.  <br> 